Hey, he's still down.
Naruto!
Naruto, are you all right?
Okay, Choji keep him still like that.
Right now, I can only give emergency first-aid.
But, who would've guessed...
that the original was hidden among the clones.
You're not up to Shikamaru's level...
but I guess you're pretty smart, Naruto.
Don't compare me with Shikamaru...
But I'm impressed that
you were able to fire off your new Jutsu three times.
Even during training, two was the limit.
His quick thinking in making his next move after failing only once...
His unshakable confidence...
Naruto has truly become strong.
Perfecting, to this level,
the Jutsu that even the Fourth Hokage could not master...
Looks like it's time to put our trust in the next generation.
He's surpassed me...
Do you feel it?
You're the one Naruto always envisions before him.
You are making him steadily stronger...
Isn't that so, Sasuke?
Sir, we should get going...
Yeah...
Can you move?
All right, everyone.
Let's go back to the Hidden Leaf Village.
Where's Kakashi Sensei?
Tying up loose ends...
How could I lose... to young brats like you...?
Well, you're someone who's fought against the First Hokage...
so we may seem like kids to you.
But to us, you're just a washed-up old man.
That's why you're near death and groveling at our feet.
One after another, a new generation will succeed us.
Good work, everyone.
The immediate danger has passed, but the Akatsuki still remain...
Do not let down your guard.
Naruto, those wounds are...?
Yeah, my badge of honor.
We did some emergency treatment...
Just in case, get it checked thoroughly at the Leaf Hospital.
Nah, I don't need... Yes, you do!
Don't worry, Master.
I'll take full responsibility and take him there.
- Got it, Naruto? - Yes!
All right then, I order you to take a few days off.
Rest your minds and your bodies.
Dismissed!
Did you notice?
Yes.
You mean about Naruto's wound?
I wonder what it could be?
I've never seen anything like it...
What happened to the Akatsuki corpse that Kakashi brought back?
Well, it's already been sent to the coroner.
Then send a message to whoever's in charge.
Make it a top priority and put a rush on it.
It's finally over...
Uh-huh.
Sorry.
Huh?
I'll part with you guys here.
But your house is this way...
I have something to do...
What is it?
Now now.
Asuma Sarutobi
Is it okay to be up and about?
Shikamaru!
Your shogi partner is gone...
You were Asuma's favorite,
so it will be lonely for you...
From precious things to silly things... he taught me so much.
Shogi was one of them.
I'd be lying if I said I didn't feel lonely.
But I'm no longer allowed to act like a little kid ...
I can't keep crying.
I always complain about what a bother things are,
and because of that, I messed up a lot as a kid.
And each time, Asuma was there to protect me...
Maybe that's why...
although he was such an evasive and odd teacher...
To me, he was a super cool grown-up.
And that's why... this time it's my turn.
When that child is born,
it'll be my turn to be a protective teacher...
So I've gotta become a cool grown-up too.
Thank you...
Boy, Pops. Unlike Asuma, you're good...
...A Climbing Silver attack, eh?
What you'd call a necessary sacrifice
to protect the King against a higher opponent.
If you escape there, then a knight will come here.
So whichever the pawn runs to, your bishop will be supported...
Sheesh, that knight sure is a nasty move there...
Well, if you're to compare a Hidden Leaf Ninja to shogi pieces,
I'm a knight.
What does that mean?
Asuma said so.
I guess Asuma knew your personality very well.
Then, who would be the King?
Then do you know who the King is?
Isn't it the Hokage?
Until recently, I thought so too... But it wasn't...
Then, who is it?
When the time comes, you'll realize it too.
The children who will be taking over the future Hidden Leaf Village...
They are the King.
You know what it's all about.
All right, checkmate.
You don't have enough power to protect the King yet.
You better work harder!
Damn!
You're so reckless...!
Don't get so upset... And don't talk back!
Scrapes and bruises... these injuries aren't too serious...
The real problem is this arm.
It's broken in several places.
His body isn't able to withstand his Jutsu.
I see...
So that's the conclusion of the coroner's team about Kakuzu?
Yes... Although they're not completely finished yet...
In any case, we must notify the supervising Jonin about this.
What will you do?
Summon Kakashi and Yamato to the coroner's room.
I see...
So Hidan and Kakuzu are dead.
Yes. It seems they were killed by Naruto's team.
Oh...?
We thought they would take down another Akatsuki
if we let them live...
Seems like it went quite well.
Not bad at all.
I'm sure even the Akatsuki would never have expected
to lose two of their members at once.
Still, they now have the Two-Tails.
Maybe we should give an extra push to bring down their strengths.
How is that child?
Yes.
I'm planning a final test in a few days.
But judging from the data, I'm certain there is no mistake.
I'm looking forward to it.
Just a little more until the final step.
But for that, one more pawn is essential.
Say, Kabuto. That woman... Would you bring her here?
That woman?
The autopsy is not complete yet...
Coroner's Office 1 But as we examined the corpse,
we figured something out about Naruto's new Jutsu.
The damage this fellow sustained was caused by
something totally different from the usual barrage of hits.
What do you mean?
Every Chakra Network connecting his body cells has been severed.
His Chakra Network...?!
Yes. A condition like this is usually unimaginable.
Wind Style: Rasen-Shuriken... is this powerful...?
Rather than an offensive attack, this works more like poison.
A microscopic attack that inflicts damage at the cellular level...
I'm assuming that the Wind Chakra
changed in Chakra Form into infinite small blades...
attacking all the cells within his body.
What a Jutsu...
Hmm... Poison...
Rather than the number of attacks,
it should be described as a concentrated attack.
And the user of the Jutsu, Naruto, is...
That's the problem.
I see...
Kakashi... This new Jutsu... The Wind Style: Rasen-Shuriken.
Forbid Naruto from using it again.
It's that serious...?!
The same condition afflicts Naruto's right hand.
Although it's not nearly as bad as this one.
If he continues using this new Jutsu,
Naruto will lose his ability to mold Chakra.
With such a powerful Jutsu, there's sure to be risks.
If the cells are disconnected from the body's Chakra Network,
even my medical skills won't cure him.
Be certain to emphasize that to Naruto.
Of all things, he wants to summon that woman...
That was a rude welcome... Guren.
Oh, it's just you, Kabuto. I thought it was an intruder.
You did that on purpose, didn't you?
Of course not.
Besides, I wouldn't want someone who'd die so easily
to be standing beside Lord Orochimaru!
Leaf Hospital
All right, done.
Now you just have to take it easy.
Thanks, Sakura.
Say, Naruto. This new Jutsu.
Use it only when absolutely necessary.
Do not  use it too often!
Don't worry. If you can make it better-
I'm not talking about that!
Medical Ninjutsu cannot heal everything right away!
But this kind of makes me happy.
Huh?
I feel like you and I are getting closer to Sasuke.
Geez...
Lady Tsunade...
we received word from an Anbu Black Ops sent to another nation.
This is...! Where is Kakashi right now?
He is probably with Naruto.
That's fine. Tell him to report immediately once he's done with his business.
Could it be a lead to Orochimaru?
Yes. It seems they were a step away before being attacked.
We must select members for a search team to be sent off immediately.
Next time: "A Shinobi's Resolve"
Special News Bulletin: Closing in on the Akatsuki Organization's secret
Hidden Leaf News Satellite Today, this man is going to talk about the secret "Akatsuki organization."
Hello, I'm Yamato.
First of all, how many members does the Akatsuki organization have?
It's said there used to be ten members.
Clashed and Left Later, Orochimaru who clashed with Itachi left the organization.
Dead Furthermore, Sasori of the Red Sand was killed in a battle with Granny Chiyo.
Dead or Neutralized And Kakuzu and Hidan were either killed or neutralized
after their battle against Shikamaru and his team,
so there are currently six members left.
Of those left, the next four's faces and names are identified.
Itachi Uchiha. Hoshigaki Kisame.
Deidara. Zetsu.
The remaining two are still unknown as we continue to investigate.
In order to discover Akatsuki's ultimate goal and stop them,
gathering information is an extremely urgent matter.
Yes. To all of you watching,
if you recognize this face, please contact the Hidden Leaf!